# Call-Center-Data-Analysis-using-Tableau
INTRODUCTION

We selected the Call Center dataset from the provided choices, and we plan to analyze the performance of call centers and channels. Analyzing the data based on customers is valuable and important for the company to know its customers. For instance, the firm can focus on cities that have less customer satisfaction and increase its performance. Knowing your customers, for example, their call reasons, average call durations, and their complaints, can give you some strategic ideas to improve the company and customer relations. Using the call center channels might give you investment ideas as to which channel you should improve, or stop the investment for that channel, or hire more talented staff for that channel. A consumer-based call center may help you improve complaint, response, and analytics rates, and solutions can evaluate call center staff and evaluate their customer service KPI indicators to multiple objectives. Because the data is provided in an interactive, intuitive, and visual manner, it is straightforward to see, absorb, evaluate, and share critical data, saving time and boosting cross-departmental cooperation.

In order to achieve our goals, we will be using various data analysis techniques, including exploratory data analysis, visualization, and statistical analysis. We will be looking for relationships between the different variables in our dataset and using data visualization tools to help us better understand our data. Our aim is to present the analysis by state and city using call center data, to demonstrate the performance of the call centers and the activity of the consumers, and to show the analysis of the call center channels.

Ultimately, our goal is to use the insights gained from the analysis to make data-driven decisions and improve the call center's performance. This project will provide valuable information that will help optimize operations and better serve the customers.
